Install "sos" on Foreman on EL/Katello & remove random secrets (#2743)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_using-tftp-services-through-nat.adoc

ifndef::satellite[]
.Using NAT on Linux with `firewalld`:
endif::[]

> . Allow TFTP service on UDP port 69 and load the kernel TFTP state tracking module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Allow the TFTP service in the firewall configuration:
```
Non-blocking, but I think it contains a lot of unnecessary information.

Author: Applied.

> * Use the following command to allow TFTP service on UDP port 69, load the kernel TFTP state tracking module, and make the changes persistent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use the following commands to allow TFTP service on UDP port 69, load the kernel TFTP state tracking module, and make the changes persistent:
```

Author: Changed the wording.
